[seal] update readme (#527)
MystenLabs/ts-sdks: packages/seal/README.md

# `@mysten/seal`

> See https://seal-docs.wal.app/ for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See https://seal-docs.wal.app/ for information on how to use the SDK to encrypt and decrypt sensitive data by interacting with Seal key servers.
```
